---
layout: page
title: Marriage Enrichment Retreat
lang: en
categories: 
  - en
  - mer
submenu:
  - {hook: "mer",   title: "MER"}
  - {hook: "purpose", title: "Purpose"}
  - {hook: "aim", title: "Aim"}
---


Marriage Enrichment Retreat<a name="mer">&nbsp;</a>
===========================
The Marriage Enrichment Retreat Training Course as conducted by MFFC is based on the world’s best marriage counselling methods as well as essences required in the rebuilding of marriages, at the same time absorbing the uniqueness of the colour and power in Chinese culture so that in the last 20 years, this course has been trialled and proven to be an effective training course. 

When marriages and families collapse and disperse in an alarming rate that has never been seen before, Chinese churches are faced with the urgent task of preventing, healing, and reviving their church members’ marriages from disintegration. It is an imperative task. The aim of MFFC is to build and enrich the loving relationship and to help the husband and wife to improve their communication and to walk with one heart.

Purpose<a name="purpose">&nbsp;</a>
-------

It is for the husband and wife to focus on each other over 3 days and 2
nights, without entanglement from work and children, for the enrichment
of their relationship:

- Biblical examples and teaching is used to enable them to live as a married couple in the reality of daily life;

- To strengthen a married couple’s relationship by helping them to understand in a simplified and easy to understand way of research and clinical studies conducted by human behaviour scientists and marriage counsellors.

- To provide them with proven to be effective ways to improve
their communication skill, to learn to resolve conflict, to grow their
love, and to walk with one heart.


Aim<a name="aim">&nbsp;</a>
---

- To bring the couples to a higher level of understanding each
other; to help them to focus on each other’s strength and good
points, so that they may grow together in their marriage to reach their
potentials.

- To affirm direction of growth in their marriage.

- To learn and exercise effective communication as well as skill in
solving problems.

- To learn the skill of growing together in a positive way.

- To go deeper in their affection and empathy for each other.

<!--
粵語報名<a name="apply_tch">&nbsp;</a>
====
<table class="table">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>地點</th><th>日期</th><th>海報</th><th>報名表</th>
<tr>
<tbody>
<tr><td>悉尼</td><td>10月5-7日(長週末)</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
</tbody>
</thead>
</table>

國語報名<a name="apply_sch">&nbsp;</a>
====
<table class="table">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>地點</th><th>日期</th>><th>海報</th><th>報名表</th>
<tr>
<tbody>
<tr><td>悉尼</td><td>10月5-7日(長週末)</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>坎培拉</td><td>9月28-30日(長週末)</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
</tbody>
</thead>
</table>
-->
